vttestserver: make tablet_refresh_interval configurable and reduce default value (#11918)
vitessio/vitess: doc/releasenotes/16_0_0_summary.md

#### Flag Deprecations

The flag `lock-shard-timeout` has been deprecated. Please use the newly introduced `lock-timeout` instead. More detail [here](#lock-timeout-introduction).

### VTTestServer

#### Improvement

> Creating a database takes a lot longer in vttestserver. This can be problematic in the test environment where tests-cases do a lot of `create` and `drop` database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a database with vttestserver was taking ~45 seconds. This can be problematic in test environments where testcases do a lot of `create` and `drop` database.
```

> In an effort to minimize the database creation time, we have changed the value of `tablet_refresh_interval` to 10s while instantiating vtcombo during vttestserver initialization.

Reviewer: We have also made this configurable so that it can reduced further if desired.

> For any production cluster the default value of this flag is still [1 minute](https://vitess.io/docs/15.0/reference/programs/vtgate/). Reducing this values might put more stress on Topo Server (since we now read from topo server more often) but for testing purpose 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any production cluster the default value of this flag is still [1 minute](https://vitess.io/docs/15.0/reference/programs/vtgate/). Reducing this values might put more stress on Topo Server (since we now read from topo server more often) but for testing purposes 
```
